# HOXA3
HOXA3 functions as the on-off switch to regulate the development of hESC-derived third pharyngeal pouch endoderm through EPHB2-mediated Wnt pathway
The scRNA-seq short reads and count matrices data were used in this study from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database under accession codes “GSE182135”.   The atlas had a total of 57717 cells and ten samples (E9.5:2;   E10.5:3;   E11.5:3;   E12.5:2).   A typical Seurat workflow was followed, using gene selection (with FindVariableGenes), scaling (with ScaleData), and principal components analysis (PCA with RunPCA).   For this initial analysis, 50 principal components (PCs) were retained for downstream steps, and the Louvain graph clustering (via FindClusters) used a resolution of 2 graph-based clustering with the Louvain algorithm with FindClusters, and UMAP visualization with RunUMAP.   Out of the resulting 46 clusters, we removed Cluster 6,26,39,40,43 and 45 due to low Pax9 (associated with neuronal signature) and Epcam (associated with neural crest signature).   This brought the total cell count down to 53,693 (12,360 from E9.5, 12,816 from E10.5, 17,349 from E11.5, 11,168 from E12.5) (Figure 1A).
The 53,693 cells passing quality control were analyzed using Seurat to produce overview figures.   60 principal components (PCs) were retained for downstream steps, and the Louvain graph clustering (via FindClusters) used a resolution of 0.5.   Out of the resulting 25 clusters, We identified a distinct cluster (n= 16,496 cells) expressing a gene signature corresponding to Third pharyngeal pouch (3PPE) (Figure 1B) ,which we selected to further analysis and performed violin plots of hoxa3 and other genes to analyze their trends over time.
